Add missing scanner params (#293)
greenbone/ospd-openvas: CHANGELOG.md

  managing the version information in ospd-openvas [#238](https://github.com/greenbone/ospd-openvas/pull/238)
- Pass store directory to OSPDaemon init [#266](https://github.com/greenbone/ospd-openvas/pull/266)
- Add URI field to results for file path or webservice URL [#271](https://github.com/greenbone/ospd-openvas/pull/271)

> - Add elemtn to OSPD_PARAMS entries to indicate visiblitiy for client. [#293](https://github.com/greenbone/ospd-openvas/pull/293)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add an element to OSPD_PARAMS entries to indicate visibility for client. [#293](https://github.com/greenbone/ospd-openvas/pull/293)
```
